remove references to SpecialFunctions and NaNMath in the docs (#364)
JuliaDiff/ChainRulesCore.jl: docs/src/FAQ.md

## Where should I put my rules?

> We recommend adding custom rules to your own packages with [ChainRulesCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesCore.jl), rather than adding them to ChainRules.jl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend adding custom rules to your own packages with [ChainRulesCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesCore.jl).
It is good to have them in the same pacakge that defines the original function.
This avoids type-piracy, and makes it easy to keep in-sync.
```
